what a heart super looks like three
different layers if you look upward
prices differ for each level bottom
being but it's definitely worth the view
the space upon arriving at my hotel I
was given an upgrade for only a hundred
and eighty qui per night I was given
this view of the river walking around I
stumbled across what local families with
children like to do on a weekend I
finally found what guilin was famous for
willow trees and lakes Whelan is famous
even for domestic tourism so do expect
bumping into large noisy tour groups
we did our team ah mr. Canada which one
of us a kind hmm hey Jenna say I'll do
the sound I guess we're totally I don't
redo those in detail that's an Indian
whoa what is near owosso to say ah-ha we
are here today at wrong cool one of the
many lakes in boylan city not many
people stay in the city to travel but we
decided to spend a day here and it's
turning out to be a really great day I
was really quite surprised at how
beautiful the city is it legs all around
and those who even have people out a
screen leaves and rubbish from the way
for Chinese standards i think the
building very very fast because of these
guys and their circus
they caught the notepaper uh so
according to this lady who's
50-something working as a senior here
she said that about 20-30 years ago the
color of this water used to be color of
this dot green plant right here she
think you could do very relaxed and calm
we should look at the water but now it's
dirty and then actually doing that bad
dirty but to somehow the color of the
water so we found this secret today
there's actually two bathrooms in here
the lady work your total secrecy how
many people know it to me tell you about
their server now as we know I think it's
probably the best vegan cool check out
the art
this poet writes nature-inspired poetry
based on the characters of your Chinese
name I think it's a good enough reason
to get a Chinese name and it works as a
great icebreaker with locals to waylon
by night is a haven for street
performers especially traditional opera
true to my malaysian taste buds i found
myself hunting and dark back alley
so you are walking down so you looking
for food if he stumbles across this
narrow alley world singing all around
and I thought my favorite food and will
China will take what and I can't find
this anywhere else in the world I don't
know where this originated from or front
of my nose from I hope they get them and
the journey is parts back streets if
that is where it is so if you can put up
with the cockroaches and weird smells
now all I need is a good night's sleep
and I'm ready to head out of the city